Add target audience (#83)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

{description}

=== Target Audience

> This documentation addresses administrators and technical oriented management based on their duties as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This documentation addresses administrators and technically-oriented management:
```

* Responsible that services are up and running for users.

> * Responsible that the IT infrastructure is inline with the companies complicane regulations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Responsible that the IT infrastructure is in line with the organization's compliance regulations.
```
